README.md, before:

<link href='https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto' rel='stylesheet'>

<img src=title.png height=90> <img src=wayat_icon.png height=90>




[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/WAYAT-v.0.7.0-GREEN.svg)](https://shields.io/) [![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/os-android-GREEN.svg)](https://shields.io/) [![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/os-ios-GREEN.svg)](https://shields.io/) [![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/website-up-GREEN.svg)](https://shields.io/)

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)

## Table of contents

- [What is WAYAT?](#what-is-wayat)
- [What is WAYAT for?](#what-is-wayat-for)
- [Features](#features)
- [For developers](#for-developers)

# What is WAYAT?

What is WAYAT? It stands for Where Are You AT, and it's a mobile app which allows people to publish their current location.

It is made with Flutter, which  provides:
- **Multiplatform** applications (mobile, web, Desktop)
- Very **short time to market**
- Great integration with **Google Cloud**

In this App people should be able to connect to “buddies” so they can connect to a network of people which shares each other's locations.

You can download the Android apk in [here](https://github.com/devonfw-forge/wayat-flutter-python-mvp/releases/latest) or access the web if you are registered by this [link](https://wayat-web-dchj7vzxga-no.a.run.app/)

# What is WAYAT for?

There are many use cases for WAYAT. This are just a few examples. Do any of them sound familiar?

- **As a Person working in hybrid mode** from Home or at the office I would
like to obtain easily the location of my “buddies” so I can determine which one I can
meet in person or where I have to go.

- **As a Person travelling alone** I would like to obtain easily the planned location of my
“buddies” so I plan where to meet them.

Check our releases if you want to start now! You just need a Google Account and automatically all your selected contacts in your addressbook that has registered to WAYAT will be able to find your location and viceversa.

# Features
- See all your contacts wherever they are.
- Login using google account and phone verification.
- Add a photo to your profile and change your username.
- Searchbar to easily find your friends in the map or in the addresbook of wayat.
- Groups filter, which allows to filter your contacts location by for example coworkers, friends, family...
- Add a photo to a group and add and remove friends from this with a simple tap.
- Get users available in wayat automatically from your addressbook
- Send and receive friend requests.
- Receive push and in-app notifications.
- It supports:
  - English
  - Spanish
  - French
  - German
  - Dutch
- Log out the application or remove your account whenever you want.
- Stop sharing location with all contacts or decide which one will receive your location just by tapping a switch.

![Main Screens](main_screens.png)

# For developers
There is some extra information to those who wants to check how to deploy the flutter application or check how the backend is working. Just check the next links:

- [Frontend Documentation](https://github.com/devonfw-forge/wayat-flutter-python-mvp/tree/main/wayat/frontend#readme)
- [Backend Documentation](https://github.com/devonfw-forge/wayat-flutter-python-mvp/tree/main/wayat/backend#readme)

Commit message:

Added "Why Wayat" and license info to the Readme (with corresponding presentation.pdf)

README.md, after:

<link href='https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto' rel='stylesheet'>

<img src=title.png height=90> <img src=wayat_icon.png height=90>


[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/WAYAT-v.0.7.0-GREEN.svg)](https://shields.io/) [![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/os-android-GREEN.svg)](https://shields.io/) [![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/os-ios-GREEN.svg)](https://shields.io/) [![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/website-up-GREEN.svg)](https://shields.io/)

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white)

## Table of contents

- [What is WAYAT?](#what-is-wayat)
- [What is WAYAT for?](#what-is-wayat-for)
- [Features](#features)
- [For developers](#for-developers)
- [Why WAYAT](#why-wayat)

# What is WAYAT?

What is WAYAT? It stands for Where Are You AT, and it's a mobile app which allows people to publish their current location.

It is made with Flutter, which  provides:
- **Multiplatform** applications (mobile, web, Desktop)
- Very **short time to market**
- Great integration with **Google Cloud**

In this App people should be able to connect to “buddies” so they can connect to a network of people which shares each other's locations.

You can download the Android apk in [here](https://github.com/devonfw-forge/wayat-flutter-python-mvp/releases/latest) or access the web if you are registered by this [link](https://wayat-web-dchj7vzxga-no.a.run.app/)

# What is WAYAT for?

There are many use cases for WAYAT. This are just a few examples. Do any of them sound familiar?

- **As a Person working in hybrid mode** from Home or at the office I would
like to obtain easily the location of my “buddies” so I can determine which one I can
meet in person or where I have to go.

- **As a Person travelling alone** I would like to obtain easily the planned location of my
“buddies” so I plan where to meet them.

Check our releases if you want to start now! You just need a Google Account and automatically all your selected contacts in your addressbook that has registered to WAYAT will be able to find your location and viceversa.

# Features
- See all your contacts wherever they are.
- Login using google account and phone verification.
- Add a photo to your profile and change your username.
- Searchbar to easily find your friends in the map or in the addresbook of wayat.
- Groups filter, which allows to filter your contacts location by for example coworkers, friends, family...
- Add a photo to a group and add and remove friends from this with a simple tap.
- Get users available in wayat automatically from your addressbook
- Send and receive friend requests.
- Receive push and in-app notifications.
- It supports:
  - English
  - Spanish
  - French
  - German
  - Dutch
- Log out the application or remove your account whenever you want.
- Stop sharing location with all contacts or decide which one will receive your location just by tapping a switch.

![Main Screens](main_screens.png)

# For developers
There is some extra information to those who wants to check how to deploy the flutter application or check how the back-end is working. Just check the next links:

- [Frontend Documentation](https://github.com/devonfw-forge/wayat-flutter-python-mvp/tree/main/wayat/frontend#readme)
- [Backend Documentation](https://github.com/devonfw-forge/wayat-flutter-python-mvp/tree/main/wayat/backend#readme)

# Why WAYAT

Wayat is part of a larger initiative sponsored by Capgemini. It' s a bundling of separate initiatives which were merged in order to be more efficient have more impact. Part of the objectives were to:

 - create a real, useful reference app showing the power of Flutter (wayat)
 - create the back-end of way-at with [devon4py](https://github.com/devonfw-forge/devon4py/), the new Python template within devonfw. Although it' s called an "incubator" due to devonfw's release policy, the stack if mature and production ready. 
 - show the possibilities of Cloud Native development
 - show the capabilities of Google Cloud
 - demonstrate that it is possible to go from Ideation to MVP in 3-4 Sprints using the combination of Google' s technologies and Capgemini' s experience with Agile/Devops methodologies. 

For more information, see [the pdf explaining the larger project](Presentation.pdf)

# License(s)

Copyright 2020 Capgemini 

The source code on this site is licensed under the Apache Public License 2.0. See [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) for details.

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/80x15.png" /></a><br />The documentation (not the source code) available on this site is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a>.
